fix(computedFrom): add initialValue + throw Error in case of not sync emit (#122)
nartc/ngxtension-platform: docs/src/content/docs/utilities/Signals/computed-from.md

			([a, b]) =>
				// of(a + b) is supposed to be an asynchronous operation (e.g. http request)
				of(a + b).pipe(delay(1000)) // delay the emission of the combined value by 1 second for demonstration purposes
		),

> 		{ initialValue: 42 } // change the initial value of the resulting signal

Reviewer: We don't need this here as signals have an initial value by default, so it's not the case. 
```suggestion
```

> 		{ initialValue: 42 } // change the initial value of the resulting signal

Reviewer: I'd like to have this here as is. And add another example where we use initial value to showcase how it changes the output.

Author: If I remove the { initialValue: 42 } this sample will THROW becouse it's exactly the case where the input + delay operator generate "late async" emit , so with the new implementation, you don't get the "old spurious" initial emit of array [1,2] (that is what I really don't like because it's totally un-expected (and maybe error prone) with an inferred output as Signal<number>.

This is why I introduced { initialValue: 42 } in the sample, and adjusted the output expected in the console.

Let's me know if you agree, or if you prefer to have a different sample showing the use-case using only inputs + pipe Operator, and keeping this one to show the initialValue to prevent throwing error... 👀

Reviewer: Let's have both cases. The one that throws and the new one that doesn't.

Author: Ok @eneajaho I added the first sample without params so it'll throw error, and then show the two possible solutions with initialValue or with startWith. 
Let's me know what you think?

// You can copy the above example inside an Angular constructor and see the result in the console.
```

> This will _throw an error_ because the operation pipeline used will produce an observable that will **not have a sync value** because they emit later their values, so the resultig `c` signal doesn't have an initial value, and this caused the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will _throw an error_ because the operation pipeline will produce an observable that will **not have a sync value** because they emit their values later on, so the resulting `c` signal doesn't have an initial value, and this causes the error.
```

You can solve this by using the `initialValue` param in the third argument `options` object, to define the starting value of the resulting Signal and _prevent throwing an error_ in case of _real async_ observable.

```ts
let c = computedFrom(
	[a, b],
	pipe(
		switchMap(
			([a, b]) => of(a + b).pipe(delay(1000)) // later async emit value
		),
		{ initialValue: 42 } // 👈 pass the initial value of the resulting signal
	)
);
```

> This will works, and you can copy the above example inside an Angular constructor and see the result in the console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works, and you can copy the above example inside an Angular constructor and see the result in the console:
```

```ts
42 - // initial value passed as third argument
	3 - // combined value after 1 second
	5; // combined value after 3 seconds
```

> Another way to solve the same problem, is using the `startWith` operator in the pipe to force the observable to have a starting value like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to solve this problem is using the `startWith` rxjs operator in the pipe to force the observable to have a starting value like below.
```

```ts
let c = computedFrom(
	[a, b],
	pipe(
		switchMap(([a, b]) => of(a + b).pipe(delay(1000))),

> 		startWith(0) // 👈 change the starting value (sync emit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		startWith(0) // 👈 change the starting value (emits synchronously)
```

The console log will be:

```ts

> 42 - // initial value

Reviewer: Revert this please

	3 - // combined value after 1 second
	5; // combined value after 3 seconds
```

> As we can see, we passed an `initialValue` as third argument, to prevent _throwing error_ in case of observable that will **not has sync value** becouse they emit later their values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we can see, we passed an `initialValue` as the third argument, to prevent returning `null` in case of an observable that will **not have a sync value** because they emit later their values.
```

```

:::note[Tricky part]

> For `Observable`s that don't emit synchronously `computedFrom` will **throw and error** forcing you to fix this situation either passing an `initialValue` in third argument, or using `startWith` operetor to force observable to have a sync starting value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `Observable`s that don't emit synchronously `computedFrom` will **throw an error** forcing you to fix this situation either by passing an `initialValue` in the third argument, or using `startWith` operator to force observable to have a sync starting value.
```

:::

```ts
const page$ = new Subject<number>(); // Subject doesn't have an initial value
const filters$ = new BehaviorSubject({ name: 'John' });

> const combined = computedFrom([page$, filters$]); // 👈 WILL THROW AN ERROR!!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const combined = computedFrom([page$, filters$]); // 👈 will throw an error!! 💥
```

console.log(combined()); // [0, { name: 'John' }]
```

> ### 4. Use of options initialValue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. Using initialValue param
```
